this used to be a place of learning but
now it's a place of
Refuge families have came here from
across Gaza seeking shelter from Israeli
bombs children here are lucky to be
alive but they know they are missing out
on the life they should be
living I recall the last day at school
it was a Thursday we were supposed to
resume lessons the following Saturday
all of a sudden it was war now it's been
almost a year and I am still out of
school we were not able to finish our
studies I miss my school too much
throughout the building there are
reminders of a lost education medium
often thinks about a time when her day
revolved around school now it revolves
around
survival supplies are short and she does
what she can to help her
family instead of lining up for the
school day in the morning we line up for
water for Relief Aid what can I say the
first day of school was always a day to
remember we spent the night before in
bed with our school uniforms we were so
excited it was hard to sleep at school
we'd meet friends and classmates we'd
also exchange a gifts in celebration of
the first day instead of all that we
woke up that day to the sound of
explosions missiles killing blood
massacres merciless bombing you name it
Palestinian children in Gaza are now
entering their second school year with
no chance of being in a classroom the
United Nations warned that depriving
them of Education could cause long-term
damage to gaza's children after months
of death and destruction brought on by
Israel's war on Gaza it would be easy to
dispair but while people here have had
to sacrifice many things there are some
things they will never give up
on I feel my children will have a bright
future I believe my daughter will be a
university professor and the boy a pilot
I pray they will occupy the highest of
all professional ranks I pray God will
save them and all C and children enough
with the war enough with it even in the
darkest of times children still find
moments to play and simply be children
but to reclaim their rights to an
education all they can do is hold on to
hope and pray for an end to Israel's war
hind Al
jaaz
Palestine make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer